README.md, before:

# Cpp-Inventory-Management-System
 C++ program to manage a simple inventory. Done to practice file handling with C++
 Developed by Bruno Faria Almeida (Nick7OlFox)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is a console app that allows the user to manage an inventory able to hold 99 items.
The user can view the inventory, add and remove items, and save the inventory to a file.
Each item has an ID (number between 1 and 99), a name, and a prince (in GBP).
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19/08/2022
- Program able to generate a new inventory
- Program able to save an inventory to a text file
- Program able to add items to the inventory
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20/08/2022
- Program able to remove items from the inventory
- Changed the "£" to "GBP" as the former was not beign correctly displayed in the console
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO DO:
- ReadFile
- GetInput
- IntrepertInput

Commit message:

Added function to read data
Added the function to retrieve the data saved onto the file.
Also reorganised the code to make it more organised and readable.

README.md, after:

# Cpp-Inventory-Management-System
 C++ program to manage a simple inventory. Done to practice file handling with C++
 Developed by Bruno Faria Almeida (Nick7OlFox)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is a console app that allows the user to manage an inventory able to hold 99 items.
The user can view the inventory, add and remove items, and save the inventory to a file.
Each item has an ID (number between 1 and 99), a name, and a prince (in GBP).
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19/08/2022
- Program able to generate a new inventory
- Program able to save an inventory to a text file
- Program able to add items to the inventory
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20/08/2022
- Program able to remove items from the inventory
- Changed the "£" to "GBP" as the former was not beign correctly displayed in the console
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21/08/2022
- Program able to read the information saved on the text file
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO DO:
- GetInput
- PrintInventory
- IntrepertInput
